---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "geni_document Resource - geni"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# geni_document (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `title` (String) The document's title.

### Optional

- `content_type` (String) The document's original content type.
- `created_at` (String) The Unix epoch time in seconds when the document was created.
- `date` (Attributes) Document's date. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--date))
- `description` (String) The document's description.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the document. This is a string that starts with 'document-' followed by a number.
- `labels` (Set of String) The list of labels associated with the document.
- `location` (Attributes) Document's location. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--location))
- `profiles` (Set of String) The list of profiles associated with the document.
- `text` (String) The document's text content.

<a id="nestedatt--date"></a>
### Nested Schema for `date`

Optional:

- `circa` (Boolean) Indicates whether the date is an approximation.
- `day` (Number) Day of the month.
- `month` (Number) Month of the year.
- `year` (Number) Date's year.


<a id="nestedatt--location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `location`

Optional:

- `city` (String) City name.
- `country` (String) Country name.
- `county` (String) County name.
- `latitude` (Number) Latitude coordinate.
- `longitude` (Number) Longitude coordinate.
- `place_name` (String) Place name.
- `state` (String) State name.
- `street_address1` (String) First line of the street address.
- `street_address2` (String) Second line of the street address.
- `street_address3` (String) Third line of the street address.
